Docs- hyperthread note - JIRA gpdocs-41 (#14312)
greenplum-db/gpdb: gpdb-doc/markdown/install_guide/platform-requirements.html.md

</table>
</div>

**Hyperthreading**

Resource Groups - one of the key Greenplum Database features - can control transaction concurrency, CPU and memory resources, workload isolation, and dynamic bursting. 

> When using resource groups to control resource allocation in the server physical cores, it is beneficial to switch off hyperthreading (HT) in the server BIOS. Hyperthreading is `On` by default on Intel CPU cores. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using resource groups to control resource allocation, it is beneficial to switch off hyperthreading (HT) in the server's BIOS. Hyperthreading is `On` by default on Intel CPU cores. 
```

It's not always control of physical cores.

Reviewer 2: Shall we also mentioned by it's beneficial to turn off the HT? Something I am thinking would be:

```
When using resource groups to control resource allocation, for better resource isolation and protection between resource groups, it's beneficial to switch off Hyper-Threading (HT) in the server's BIOS if using Intel based systems. 
```

The reason for the above statement is that HT only applied to Intel, and it's their own trademark on their implementation of multi-threading on the physical cores. Please see https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/gaming/resources/hyper-threading.html for additional context.

> When using resource groups to control resource allocation in the server physical cores, it is beneficial to switch off hyperthreading (HT) in the server BIOS. Hyperthreading is `On` by default on Intel CPU cores. 

Reviewer 2: Not sure we should stay with BIOS or UEFI. From https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/7.0/com.vmware.vsphere.resmgmt.doc/GUID-4A7F14BF-8BE7-4DEF-A5FD-D7B4DC9336AE.html, we are still refer to the BIOS setting for the HT. Maybe we can keep consistent with that?

> When using resource groups to control resource allocation in the server physical cores, it is beneficial to switch off hyperthreading (HT) in the server BIOS. Hyperthreading is `On` by default on Intel CPU cores. 

Reviewer 3: Is this hyperthreading note only intended for cloud deployments?  From the PR location I thought it applied to all (hardware + cloud) deployments.
